Introduce ghost pegs to reduce amount of time spent in liquidity auctions (#1041)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0035-LIQM-liquidity_monitoring.md

**c<sub>1</sub>** - constant multiple for [target stake](./0041-TSTK-target_stake.md) triggering the commencement of liquidity auction. In this spec it is referred to as `c_1` but in fact it's name is `market.liquidity.targetstake.triggering.ratio` and it's a market parameter (with a network parameter providing a default value for markets that don't specify it). 

**ghost peg duration** is a network parameter called `market.liquidity.ghostPegDuration` which determines how long does [LP order volume](./0035-LIQM-liquidity_monitoring.md) stay on the book in absence of either best static ask OR best static bid.

## Total stake

`total_stake` is the sum the stake amounts committed by all the LPs in the market (see [LP mechanics](./0044-LIQM-lp_mechanics.md)) for how LPs commit stake and what it obliges them to do. 

## Trigger for entering an auction

When either best static ask or best static bid is removed from the book (either due to cancellation or trade) then we start the `ghost_peg_timer`. If a new order arrives creating best static bid / ask then we set `ghost_peg_timer = 0`.

The auction is triggered when
```

> total_stake < c_1 x target_stake OR ( ( there is no best_bid OR there is no best offer) AND `ghost_peg_timer > market.liquidity.ghostPegDuration`).

Author: ```suggestion
deployed_stake =< c_1 x target_stake, where is the sum of bond account balances for the market for those LP who have the LP volume deployed on the book. In particular deployed_stake is zero if ( there is no best_bid OR there is no best offer) AND `ghost_peg_timer > market.liquidity.ghostPegDuration`).
```
